Online privacy 
A life without daily use of the internet is unimaginable at this point. It is amazing to think that we reached this reality. It is almost as if the internet itself is an additional sanctuary beside one's home. Even though it can serve as a place where one can commence several activities, to what extent does one have privacy online? What does it mean? Is society protected and why should one care? Since almost everyone is a user of the internet it is important to consider online privacy and how it affects them as daily users. With the help of two perspectives, one can come to a realization that there are several items to be aware of when it comes to existence within the online world. The first perspective is from two companies' perspectives (specifically Apple and Norton) in protecting their customers by assuring online privacy to those who use their product. The second perspective is in fact supportive of the first as several non-product selling sources provide information on our online privacy. Overall both perspectives work together to prove that online privacy is something society should take into consideration as users of the internet. 
Online privacy-first can be brought to attention by some companies who consider providing information about it. Starting with a worldwide popular platform Norton; in which they sell software to prevent viruses that may occur within devices. Of course in order to sell their product they have to describe why customers may want to buy it. Within their website, they have a description of online privacy and how their product can help. They say “While in real life this type of privacy comes naturally, with little thought, in the digital space the idea of privacy is skewed.” (Norton). What Norton is trying to say is that online privacy is much more than it seems and that it lacks awareness compared to “everyday” privacy. Norton continues to elaborate on what their product does and emphasizes the point of what they are actually trying to protect. A notable mention is when they say that  “However, online privacy has less to do with what you are doing, and more to do with who you are AND what you are doing. On the Internet, data has high value. It’s stolen, sold, collected, and analyzed.” (Norton). The statement not only makes a remarkable selling point but it wields a negative connotation about the ugly encounters of online privacy. Norton wants to make sure that its potential customers do not fall victim to such privacy-breaking measures. Thus, they provided a reason to sell their product to the consumers who are concerned about their privacy online. 
Another substantial company that takes the topic of online privacy very seriously is tech giant Apple. Apple, the maker of the iPhone and many other products makes sure that its customers are provided with the most privacy they can get. On their website, they reveal that “Privacy is a fundamental human right. At Apple, it’s also one of our core values. Your devices are important to so many parts of your life.” (Apple). Apple makes a strong statement by pointing that in fact our devices are with us every step of the way and we fundamentally deserve privacy rights. Apple continues to elaborate on their main statement by saying “We design Apple products to protect your privacy and give you control over your information. It’s not always easy. But that’s the kind of innovation we believe in.” (Apple). It’s not always easy is what stands out from this mention. Apple admits that assuring the user’s privacy is in fact challenging. They want their customers to realize that they are doing the best they can to protect their privacy. But with the statement they provided, it is still not enough to 100% protect the user. Throughout their website, they continue to show ways how their products assure privacy. Features range from stopping trackers within Safari (Apple's internet browser) to hiding transaction details within their innovative payment system (Apple Pay). It is quite noticeable that they have a strong mission when it comes to protecting their customers' privacy.
Is it safe to assume that online privacy is an issue thanks to several statements from two multi-million dollar tech giants trying to sell their products? The question may have several different answers but online privacy can be solidified with different perspectives. More specifically, perspectives that actually are not trying to sell anyone a product, but to prove that online privacy is an issue that needs to be aware of. 
Privacy Right Clearinghouse is a nonprofit organization that studies consumer info and advocacy. When it comes to consumer information it makes sense that it ties with online privacy as privacy is brought up in terms of the consumer. What is also logical is that PRC has a webpage dedicated to online privacy as their target audience are everyday users. Several aspects of online privacy are delivered within their webpage to raise awareness. To introduce such a topic they say “Almost every major website you visit tracks your online activity.  Tracking technology can follow you from site to site, track and compile your activity, and compile all of this into a database.” (PRC). This statement supports the perspective behind the existence of online privacy issues. 	Thus, supporting the privacy protection goals companies like Norton and Apple seek to achieve. The user is now aware that there is tracking going on as they use the internet. PRC proceeds to describe ways in which the user is tracked online. For example, by cookies, phishing, and fingerprinting. The user is well informed of the possible outcomes when their online privacy is compromised. 
Digital Information World is a tech organization with a mission to inform tech enthusiasts and others about the modern technological world. One of the topics involves online tracking/privacy. In their article “Somebody’s Watching You: 6 Tips to Stop Being Tracked Online, they underline a couple of ways in which the user can protect themselves from possible tracking and further establish their privacy. Desk, the author of the article says “While your information may be safe on the surface level of internet tracking, that doesn’t mean that it’s completely secure from third parties and cybercriminals. In fact, user data is often shared with these third parties in order to hack into a user’s personal accounts and gain access to sensitive information.” (Desk). Why is this important to understand? Desk’s saying holds significance because it tells us that there is a possibility that there is a lack of privacy within the online world to an extent that criminal acts can be committed upon the innocent user. He also says “It’s extremely rare for the big brains behind internet programming to steal your information so, for the most part, internet tracking is something that’s on the backburner in most people’s lives — until it isn’t.” (Desk). What desk reveals here is that some exposure of online privacy such as web tracking is actually normal but if things get too far worse things can happen to the user.
With the combination of two different perspectives, it is safe to assume that online privacy is a topic every internet user should be aware of. At first, one may realize that there are companies such as Norton and Apple who are trying to sell their products because they claim they protect the users online privacy. The user may not be as understanding on what the companies mean about online privacy. Hence, they may not see the reason why they should buy for example an iPhone or online protection. However, thanks to other non-selling sources, the user ccan read and understand tht online privacy really is a matter of awareness. As daily users of the online world, society is introduced to products and/or tips that can help secure their online privacy. 

